I've been running around for a while.
I already have a decision in my heart
Next I announce that the winner of the bidding for Dawan Square is
Qiao's Group Qiao Qinghe
i
Wife Li Gang has a saying right
The best bid for Joe's Group is you
The Joe Group is small
But in recent years, there have been few profits
Fame
Besides, it is guaranteed by a century-old reputation
Hand over Dawan Group to Joe's Group
Ms. Qinghe
The people of Jiangdong can rest assured
Sir, do you really trust our Qiao family so much?
I trust you.
And the person behind you, Mr. Ren
For the sake of fairness
Let's re-bid
Qinghe prints another bid
Yes, the Governor is right